docs/02-DataWangler/chapte04-jupyter.md, before:

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Introducing Jupyter
Fundamentals and practice in Jupyter Notebook and Jupyter Lab.
- writing and running Jupyter Notebooks

:::note
Goals.
:::
:::info
Goals.
:::
:::caution
Goals.
:::
:::warning
Goals.
:::

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

:::tip Use tabs in admonitions

<Tabs
  defaultValue="apple"
  values={[
    {label: 'Apple', value: 'apple'},
    {label: 'Orange', value: 'orange'},
    {label: 'Banana', value: 'banana'},
  ]}>
  <TabItem value="apple">This is an apple 🍎

  ```bash
  npm run build
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="orange">This is an orange 🍊</TabItem>
  <TabItem value="banana">This is a banana 🍌</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::

```md title="docs/hello.md"
# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

```bash
# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

<details><summary>CLICK ME</summary>
<p>

#### yes, even hidden code blocks!
chaptertest

```python
print("hello world!")
```

</p>
</details>

Em Dash (—) En Dash (–)
<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>0</kbd>

**Soubor ‣ Nový ‣ Obecné**. (*File ‣ New ‣ General*)

Commit message:

Google Colab and Jupyter Notebooks.

docs/02-DataWangler/chapte04-jupyter.md, after:

---
sidebar_position: 7
---

# Introducing Jupyter
Fundamentals and practice in Jupyter Notebook and Jupyter Lab.

Jupyter notebook is an interactive environment for computation. It suports Julia, R, and Python. Jupyter Lab is a modular user interface.

- writing and running Jupyter Notebooks

:::note
Goals.
:::
:::info
Goals.
:::
:::caution
Goals.
:::
:::warning
Goals.
:::

import Tabs from '@theme/Tabs';

import TabItem from '@theme/TabItem';

:::tip Use tabs in admonitions

<Tabs
  defaultValue="apple"
  values={[
    {label: 'Apple', value: 'apple'},
    {label: 'Orange', value: 'orange'},
    {label: 'Banana', value: 'banana'},
  ]}>
  <TabItem value="apple">This is an apple 🍎

  ```bash
  npm run build
  ```
  </TabItem>
  <TabItem value="orange">This is an orange 🍊</TabItem>
  <TabItem value="banana">This is a banana 🍌</TabItem>
</Tabs>

:::

```md title="docs/hello.md"
# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

```bash
# Hello

This is my **first Docusaurus document**!
```

<details><summary>CLICK ME</summary>
<p>

#### yes, even hidden code blocks!
chaptertest

```python
print("hello world!")
```

</p>
</details>

Em Dash (—) En Dash (–)
<kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>Alt</kbd>+<kbd>0</kbd>

**Soubor ‣ Nový ‣ Obecné**. (*File ‣ New ‣ General*)
